Welcome back everybody.
To date we're going to begin with a day at pre-processing park or a model building process.
We're going to start with EPA.
We can explore a little bit more so that we are more familiar with what we're working with.
So let's begin first always we have to run the libraries that we're going to use.
We're going to be using Pandurs model at least not by CBer.
We're also going to read that data said that we're going to be working with which is found in churn
underscored data that seems to be great.
So do you guys remember the first step to check your data is always going to be using the help function
that you're familiar with.
Structuralist Luckily for us in the previous video we actually saw it through CSB and excel.
So these numbers are going to be familiar to you.
Also if we want to see that call names who have used columns again pretty basic.
And finally when we use set that graph to see the distributions of our cars.
So this is a distribution of course you sir is a code so distribution cures and really matter churn
tells us that 41 percent of the users have turn over the data that we have because we have been in a
very balanced dataset.
That's OK.
H says that 32 years is the average age for users.
OK.
So and so forth.
And we can see these distributions are a lot better.
The moment we play to rent which is going to be mobile continuing to be.
Now before we plug anything.
Let's first clean up data a little bit and the first thing to clean up is nobody's going to see what
Noble's we have on our calls.
We've can around the following line.
We're going to run it.
And just started it.
We will apply to it which tells us if each row is an AA or NA.
And of course any is going to make sure that we only get the columns to have at least one in them.
So if we run this we get most of them being false meaning that none of them have any asset for each
grade score and rewards for these data set.
It's 27000 rows.
So if the nodes are just a few they will simply remove them or be fine if the nulls are a lot more then
we now make sense to happen or to verify that what we do is we're going to run the asset that you say
that some because that uses the sample how many labels there are.
So if we run this we see that for H.
There's only four nobodies which is pretty small for those eight thousand Malis which is almost a third
of the entire set.
That's a lot.
Then we have rewards which is thirty two thousand which is a little more than a tenth of the rose.
So based on these big numbers I think it does make sense for our purposes to remove rewards earned and
remove credit score from our model building process because the nos are so big.
We are going to also get rid of these four nos for the way we're going to do it is simply we're going
to remove the rows that are over age because only four are almost $27.
So that's the first thing to get one of those four rows that have an A for h is to use the following
line.
So we use dataset and then we use panderers not know this is going to be applied to that particular
call is going to return all the rows for which that column is not know just anything except for those
two rows that we found.
And this is of course going to be applied to each other.
Great.
Now we want to return the data set to be equal to this.
So we're going to run this great.
Now the next step is to get rid of those two columns the house a big number of notes and a great score
and rewards.
So let's.
We're going to set up and you later say you know plus dropping the columns columns and that's going
to be credit score
and rewards are
great.
And you oh we forgot and let's run actually.
So now we have a dataset that is clean enough for a huge difference OK.
So we have finished doing that that they say we are going to do the histogram on the next meal and to
see the distributions of what.
Normally we wouldn't be able to do the histogram unless all the calls had their nose been removed which
which is they.
So we're ready for that part.
Thank you very much for watching and seeing the next week.